hello everyone welcome to Saturday it's
been a few days since we put the cats on
the new litter well not really litter
its pellets and they've adjusted
there's been no accidents on the floor
so we decided that we're gonna move
forward and go to the next step the next
step is get a larger litter box because
the we've had the one in there since
they were kittens and we need something
a little bigger especially because sagen
is getting kind of big but also we want
to get a sifting litter box because the
way the pellets work is after they get
wet after they urinate on them they kind
of turned into like sawdust type stuff
so if we get a sifting litter box then
we can lift up the sifter and sift it
and all over the pee molecule to go to
the bottom we can clean that out scoop
out the poop at the top and it becomes
easy to clean so we need to get a large
litter box that can sift so let's go
sift also look at that look at that oh
my god it's not Christmas anymore
because it's the middle of February left
and sift that's it
throw away your old litter trays
inexpensive liners okay we'll do it
we'll be happy like this cat so here is
the new box also you'll notice that it's
now brown and not grey we bought that
liftin sift in the last shot and then we
went into Walmart and we found it
cheaper so we bought it there and
returned it to Petco anyway but this is
it and the way it works it's gonna be
kind of hard to see but let me just it's
not dirty they haven't used it yet so
you see down here there's a little
little grate and what they're gonna do
is we're actually using this backwards
generally what you do is you put in
regular litter and there's it pumps with
the pee and also the poop stays and then
you shake it and it keeps your litter
like you're good leather in the bottom
and then you can reuse it so it's
basically a way to save money because
you don't waste glitter we're doing the
opposite instead of trying to put the
waste at the top and put the good
leather at the bottom we're trying to
put the bad litter at the bottom because
the bad will go through because this
stuff when it gets wet breaks down into
sawdust like junk and we want that to go
through and
all the other stuff at the top pretty
cool right if it if it works hopefully
the work this stuff is bigger than the
little holes for the sifter as long as
they don't go straight through so what
we're hoping is that when the cats pee
we'll be able to shake it the peel will
go down to the bottom we can throw away
the pee and then we can just scoop out
the poop on the top so that's the idea
the reason we want to use these pellets
I explained the other day is because the
40 pound bag was 5 bucks and that is
crazy
I mean this is for horses but it's cats
exactly it's the same stuff so hopefully
they'll use this we also moved it over
here when we move their food into the
living room over there and we just
wanted to get this away from the toilet
because it's hard to clean there yeah so
oh we have our we have our first
customer hey buddy hey buddy look here
what is this I feel a litter box box go
ahead and get in he'll know what to do
I mean he's familiar with this smell and
there's actually still a little bit of
their old leather underneath so once I
start digging around they should be able
to see that and smell that so it should
work it should work and if they just
start pooping all over the floor then
I'll just tear up my hair I don't know
but I'm hoping this will work let's give
it a few hours and see what happens yes
it really has been eight hours later
we've stayed up late tonight they used
it someone used it because there was pee
although I didn't see any pee all I saw
was some of the pellets had been
disintegrated and also the bottom of the
thing was a little damp it works sort of
here's the ears of the issue and I saw
this in the store and I really should
have said something done let me scrape
through here do you see how big the
holes are the problem is these pellets
fall through that's kind of an issue I
mean they fall through if they're like
this if they're laying like this they
won't because they're too big for that
but it actually needs to be a finer mess
because the problem is I go to sift it
and shake it and the P is falling
through yes but if the P is on top which
is what its gonna be though you're gonna
lose a ton of pellets falling in there
too so not really sure what to do I
think if we wanted to keep using this
method what we need to do is somehow
alter the sifting tray itself to be
finer
so the pail itself fall through don't
really know how to do that
I think they sell like the mesh liner so
you can do sifting with anything or like
just pick it up and the leather falls in
and you have like a little bag of poop
so maybe we'll do that it just it's
gonna have to be fine because we it has
to let the solidus stuff fall through
but keep the pellets in there but
someone peed in it you know probably
second cuz he adjusts to this stuff
really well and Kepler usually is an
issue but the really cool part is that
it's big and it doesn't leave a big
print all over the house they're not
gonna drink litter all over the house
anymore which is what we wanted most of
all so this is good all right I mean
take me a while to figure out the whole
sifting thing but for right now I'm
happy with anyway umm that's gonna be it
for today so thank you guys so much for
watching and be sure to tune in next
time when there will be more exciting
cat poop adventures